sql: add a note about `FULLTEXT` (#17876)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-indexes.md

2 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

> Note that TiDB accepts index types such as `HASH`, `BTREE` and `RTREE` in syntax but ignores them for compatibility reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that TiDB accepts index types such as `HASH`, `BTREE` and `RTREE` in syntax for compatibility with MySQL, but ignores them.
```
